Sync means synchronous, which will block code execution until the file is created.
Working with files are available in two modes, asynchronous and synchronous.
Synchronous blocks the execution  next line of code until the the file is done. 
Blocking means that all code will not continue to run until that operation is done. 
Even new incoming requests of other users would not be handled until that file operation is done, which is something you do not want. 

Using a asynchronous writefile function will also take a third argument which is a callback which should be executed once the operation is done.
This callback recieves an error argument, which will be equal to null if no error occurred. If an error occurred you would then be able to handle it by returning an error response showing to the user that an error occurred otherwise return a normal response.

We will move my normal response code in this callback function because this response should only be sent if we're done working with the file because that is ultimately the action
we want to do upon our request. So now we actually have our event listener req.on('end') with some method or function that will be executed once we're
done parsing the request and in that function that will be executed sometime in the future, we have yet another event listener, this nested function here which will be executed once we're done
writing the file.

This is pretty common practice for nodejs, you'll have an event driven architecture where you basically tell nodejs please do something and
it will then go ahead and offload that process to the operating system which does use multi-threading and so on and will then continue its event loop to listen for event callbacks 
and always just dispatch tiny actions like that to never block the code execution and then always just come back once an operation is done by the operating system and so on.

This why is why Nodejs is high performant because it never blocks your code, it never blocks the server,
it just goes ahead and tells the operating system do that, do this and then eventually comes back and
does something in the callback, like send a response which is not a blocking operation because this
is super fast, just a couple of headers and off you go.
